refactor!: consistent environment variables (#7949)
tauri-apps/tauri: tooling/cli/ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLES.md

> if both environment variable and CLI flag are used, the CLI flag will have priority.

- `CI` — If set, the CLI will run in CI mode and won't require any user interaction.
- `TAURI_CLI_CONFIG_DEPTH` — Number of levels to traverse and find tauri configuration file.
- `TAURI_CLI_PORT` — Port to use for the CLI built-in dev server.
- `TAURI_CLI_WATCHER_IGNORE_FILENAME` — Name of a `.gitignore`-style file to control which files should be watched by the CLI in `dev` command. The CLI will look for this file name in each directory.
- `TAURI_CLI_NO_DEV_SERVER_WAIT` — Skip waiting for the frontend dev server to start before building the tauri application.
- `TAURI_LINUX_AYATANA_APPINDICATOR` — Set this var to `true` or `1` to force usage of `libayatana-appindicator` for system tray on Linux.
- `TAURI_BUNDLER_WIX_FIPS_COMPLIANT` — Specify the bundler's WiX `FipsCompliant` option.

> - `TAURI_SIGNINING_PRIVATE_KEY` — Private key used to sign your app bundles, can be either a string or a path to the file.
> - `TAURI_SIGNINING_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSWORD` — The signging private key password, see `TAURI_SIGNINING_PRIVATE_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TAURI_SIGNING_PRIVATE_KEY` — Private key used to sign your app bundles, can be either a string or a path to the file.
- `TAURI_SIGNING_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSWORD` — The signing private key password, see `TAURI_SIGNING_PRIVATE_KEY`.
```
